# smApps-G2
ECC3303 Embedded Systems Designs Project Group 2

  Unplanned and unsecure parking become the main issues that require a parking management system for several places such as shopping mall, resident area, educational area and many more. Even though there are some place that has been installed with this more advance parking management system with payment, there are still some issue such as complex payment procedure, contact method payment, unknown parking availability, hard to find the location of payment machine and the loss of ticket. Thus, this project is to design a smart parking payment system applying the smartphone application (also known as smApps) which is the QR code scanner and e-wallet to enhance efficiency of parking system and the payment process, also, at the same time, indicate the parking availability to assist the parking planning. For user, the e-wallet will be able to play the role as an electronic wallet and as an application to scan the QR code to perform any parking payment. In prototyping of this project, a scale model built to shows when the user’s car is come to the parking barrier, the user needs to scan the QR code to entering and leaving from the parking area. All the database and communication are done by adapting Google Firebase platform to smApps system. In addition, the prototype implemented the software application and hardware component which are Android studio,
raspberry pi, servo motor, LCD screen, and IR sensor. smApps system designed can help to reduce the complexity in parking payment process and manage the parking availability in saving cost and time.
